docs: add July monthly report (#1812)
iresty/iresty.github.io: blog/en/blog/2024/07/31/monthly-report.md

---
title: "Monthly Report (July 01 - July 31)"
keywords: ["Apache APISIX", "API Gateway", "Monthly Report", "Contributor"]
description: Our monthly Apache APISIX community report generates insights into the project's monthly developments. The reports provide a pathway into the Apache APISIX community, ensuring that you stay well-informed and actively involved.
tags: [Community]
image: https://static.apiseven.com/uploads/2024/07/31/U3v43S1b_report-july-en.png
---

> > We have recently made some additions and improvements to specific features within Apache APISIX. The main feature is removing `config-default.yaml` to hardcoded Lua file. For detailed information, please read the monthly report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We have recently made some additions and improvements to specific features within Apache APISIX. The main improvement is moving the default values from `config-default.yaml` to a hardcoded Lua file. For detailed information, please read the monthly report.
```

<!--truncate-->

## Introduction

From its inception, the Apache APISIX project has embraced the ethos of open-source community collaboration, propelling it into the ranks of the most active global open-source API gateway projects. The proverbial wisdom of 'teamwork makes the dream work' rings true in our way and is made possible by the collective effort of our community.

From July 1 to June 31, a total of 13 contributors made 21 commits to Apache APISIX. We sincerely appreciate your contributions to Apache APISIX.

## Contributor Statistics

![Apache APISIX Contributors List](https://static.apiseven.com/uploads/2024/07/31/Uk3y8OVm_july-contributors.png)

![Apache APISIX New Contributors](https://static.apiseven.com/uploads/2024/07/31/x59QmPpL_new-contributors-july.png)

## Recent Feature Highlight

> - [Remove `config-default.yaml` to hardcoded Lua file](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11312)（Contributor: [bzp2010](https://github.com/bzp2010))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Move `config-default.yaml` default values to hardcoded Lua file](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/11312)（Contributor: [bzp2010](https://github.com/bzp2010))
```

## Recent Blog Recommendations

- [Advanced URL rewriting with Apache APISIX](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2024/07/18/advanced-url-rewrite-apisix/)

> - [Dynamic watermarking with imgproxy and Apache APISIX](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2024/07/11/watermarking-infrastructure/)

Reviewer 2: It might be good to add a short summary about these.

For example, a paragraph about why we moved the default configuration and an introduction/short summary of the linked blog posts.

> The official website and GitHub Issues of Apache APISIX provide a wealth of documentation of tutorials and real-world use cases. If you encounter any issues, you can refer to the documentation, search for keywords in Issues, or participate in discussions on Issues to share your ideas and practical experiences.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add links to the pages mentioned here?
